#### Origin
In computer science, a B-tree is a self-balancing tree data structure that maintains sorted data and allows searches, sequential access, insertions, and deletions in logarithmic time. The B-tree generalizes the binary search tree, allowing for nodes with more than two children. here 

#### Definiation

According to Knuth's definition, a B-tree of order m is a tree which satisfies the following properties:

Every node has at most m children.
Every non-leaf node (except root) has at least ⌈m/2⌉ child nodes.
The root has at least two children if it is not a leaf node.
A non-leaf node with k children contains k − 1 keys.
All leaves appear in the same level and carry no information.

####  The order m
the maximum number of the children, so the maximum number of keys is m - 1.
Each internal node's keys act as separation values which divide its subtrees.

#### Internal nodes

Every internal node contains a maximum of U children and a minimum of L children.
Thus, the number of elements is always 1 less than the number of child pointers (the number of elements is between L−1 and U−1). 
U must be either 2L or 2L−1; therefore each internal node is at least half full. 
The relationship between U and L implies that two half-full nodes can be joined to make a legal node

#### How to keep balanced
A B-tree is kept balanced after insertion by splitting a would-be overfilled node, of 2d+1 keys, into two d-key siblings and inserting the mid-value key into the parent.
Depth only increases when the root is split, maintaining balance.

#### why need B-tree
B-trees have substantial advantages over alternative implementations when the time to access the data of a node greatly exceeds the time spent processing that data.
By maximizing the number of keys within each internal node, the height of the tree decreases and the number of expensive node accesses is reduced.

#### differs to B+Tree
In the narrow sense, a B-tree stores keys in its internal nodes but need not store those keys in the records at the leaves. 
